Subtitles by demonseye
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Riggs, Homicide.
- Nobody's dead.
- Hey, the night's young.
This is sergeant Murtaugh.
Threat or scare?
- It's the real thing.
This gentleman saw the device.
- Yeah?
On parking level 1, near the gas pumps.
I-I wrote the license plate down.
That's okay, sir. Thanks a lot.
You've been real helpful. Clear the way.
- Have you evacuated the building and everything?
- It's a... it's clean.
- Where is the bomb squad?
- They're on the way.
- Good.
- Bomb squad?
- Everything's under control. Let's go.
- Well, listen, Rog, I think we oughtta check this out.
- Hey. Hey, hey. Hey, Riggs.
- What?
- Bomb squad's on the way.
- There's no bomb in there.
- How-how can you be sure?
- Well, because it's a full moon.
Eh-eh, moon, lunar, lunatics.
They're everywhere.
- Hey, is that Greek?
- No, no, Latin.
Latin. Man, you surprise
the shit out of me, you know?
Hey, look, there's no bomb in there.
It's probably a false alarm.
Happens a million times. Guy probably saw
a radio on the back seat.
Hey, hey, hey. Let's not mess with this.
Wait for the bomb squad.
You're right.
You sit tight, I'll be right back.
Hey, hey. Hey, Riggs.
What? You're acting strange, man.
What's the matter with you?
- There's a bomb in that building.
- No, there's not.
- No, there's a bomb in that building!
- There is not.
There's a bomb in that building!
You know how come I know
there's a bomb in the building?
- How?
- Cause I got eight days to retirement.
And I will not make
a stupid mistake.
Look, there is no bomb
in that building.
I will bet vital parts of my anatomy
to the fact. Now, look. Just-just-just look.
Trust me. Okay? Trust me.
That's usually my first mistake.
Hey. Hey, Riggs!
- Yo.
Hey, wait. I'm comin'.
- Hey, Rog?
- Yeah?
- Your insurance paid up?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Why?
- Cause there could be a bomb in here.
- Oh, God!
I hate it when I'm right.
You really ought to learn
to trust your instincts more often.
- Oh, God.
- First impression can often be the right one.
He's got a leak in his diff. Just about to drop
his drive shaft. No wonder there's a bomb...
Just don't touch it.
Just looking.
Right.
What are you gonna do? Hei, don't-dont
open the door. Don't open the door! Don't open!
Son of a bitch, just look at it.
Just look at it.
That's all I'm gonna do is look.
Oh, my. There's more plastic
than Cher.
I love this job. This is amateur night, Rog.
Open the door. I can't hear you.
Open the door!
Don't do nothin'.
Not that one! Mm-mm!
You son of a bitch.
Well, this is a pretty shonky job.
I think I can dismantle it.
It looks like Beirut to me.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Riggs, everybody's outside. Just me, you
and this cat are dumb enough to be down here.
Nearly a cat-tastrophe, huh?
Relax, Rog. Relax. Right.
- Don't do nothing.
No sweat, Rog. We got nine minutes
and seven seconds left.
Hey, you know what we could do?
Know we can do?
What?
- We could drive this thing outta here.
- Hey, fine, it's your turn to drive.
Oh, shit. No keys.
Tsk, tsk. I could hot-wire it.
Aah! Don't even say "hot-wire"
around this stuff, man.
You're right, you're right,
you're right, you're right.
Why am I doing this?
Why am I...?
Looks like we're gonna have to do it
the old-fashioned way.
Riggs, what are you thinking? Riggs! What're
you doin'? What are you thinking, Riggs? Riggs.
- I'm thinking we should cut the blue wire.
- Hey, wait!
What?
- That's not what I'm thinking.
- What? You think it's maybe the red?
Oh, no. No.
I'm, uh... I'm thinking that it's
eight minutes and 42 seconds.
We can go upstairs, wait for
the bomb squad... have a cappuccino.
The bomb squad never gets here on time, okay?
Anyway, it's eight minutes and 31 seconds.
Rog, please.
- F-forget the cappuccino.
You know what they're gonna say?
Ah, yeah, they will say "We expect
you get the fuck out of here".
That's right. But after that,
they're gonna say "Let's cut the blue wire",
which I'm gonna do right now, Rog.
- Hey. Hey, hey. Wait, wait, Riggs. Wait.
- What?
- How can you be so sure?
- Oh, it's just a hunch.
-You're playing on a hunch?
- Hey, remember the bomb under your toilet?
- Oh, shit. How could I forget?
- Red wire, blue wire, same thing.
This is more simplified, though.
A bit more powerful, but more simplified.
Hey, really, from where I was sitting,
I couldn't see.
Forget it.
Come on, Rog, trust me.
Yeah, so I gotta trust you?
Guess not.
Well, I'm cutting the red wire, okay?
Oh! Oh!
- What? What?
- A minute ago you said blue.
- Did I say blue?
- Riggs, you said blue.
- Well, I meant red.
- You sure?
But... Look, Rog, we can do it
your way if you like.
- My way? I don't have... !
- Quiet!
I'm sure, okay?
- Ah, shit.
You ready?
Rog?
- What?
Won't you kinda miss all this good stuff
when you retire?
Aren't you gonna miss it
a little bit? Huh?
I'm cutting the wire.
Snip. See? All done.
Rog.
- Yeah?
- Grab the cat.
- Grab the cat?
Get back! Take cover!
Where are they?
Bravo.
Oops.
Right. Oops.
Right.
Seven days to retirement,
I'm busted down to patrolman.
I should've cut the red wire.
- You did cut the red wire.
- No, I didn't. I cut the blue wire.
That's what I meant.
We should've waited for the bomb squad.
Am I gonna have
to listen to this every day?
- Every day until I retire.
- That'll be a week too long.
Ah, shit.
My feet are killing me.
- Yeah, your feet are killing me too.
- Well, how can my feet be killing you?
- Cause I gotta listen to you bitch about them!
Yeah, you're right. Listen to me bitch
cause you should've cut the red wire!
I did cut the red wire!
What's this? It's kind of soft.
It's not a bulletproof vest.
It's not gonna keep anything out.
- Gonna keep my stomach in.
What do you got under there?
- It's a girdle.
- What?
Oh, God. It's a girdle.
Trish know about this?
It's not a woman's girdle,
it's a man's girdle.
- They make girdles for men?
- Yeah, they make girdles for men.
- They do, huh?
- Yeah, they do.
I haven't worn this uniform in 15 years.
Cleaners must have shrunk it.
Oh... Well, you should
take it to Chin over in Alpine.
I did take it to Chin over in Alpine.
Look at it. It's shrunk all up in here.
I have to hold my breath there.
- Did you see that?
- See what?
- Jaywalker.
Jaywalking?
Hey, hold it right there, pal.
Can you step up here, please.
- Me?
- Yes, you.
- W-what happened? What did I do?
- Stand there.
What'd you do? Jaywalking. I saw you,
large as life. I'm gonna have to cite you.
Jaywalking?
Oh, Jesus, come on.
Can you handle this on yourself
or should I radio for backup?
- Smart ass... You got the ticket book?
- People are committing actual crimes in this city
and you're hassling me for crossing the street?
- Shut up!
Yeah.
Oh!
You-you know how to fill one of these out?
- A long time ago. Let me see.
Can't read it.
The print is very little.
Without my glasses...
- You're no help.
Can we speed this up, please? You may
have nothing to do. I have things to do today.
No, we can't,
so will you shut up?
Jaywalking.
- Ask for his license.
- Yeah? License for jaywalking?
- Yeah, jaywalking.
I don't have it on me, okay?
I wasn't driving, okay?
I was walking.
What, do I need a walking license now?
- Oh, let's just shoot him.
- Oh, oh, oh, what is he crazy?
Get out fo the way, Roger. I'm gonna drill him.
We can make it look like suicide.
Get out of the way!
- No, no, no. The video cameras. Video cameras.
I don't care!
I'm still gonna drill him!
Get out of here, before my partner kills you!
Go that way, not that way!
This way! Over there!
Go, run! Now! Run!
- Right there, yeah.
Hey. Hey!
Hey, wait a minute.
You forgot to sign.
Hey.
- What's that?
Wait a minute.
You forgot to sign the form.
Hey, who are you?
You're not the regular guy.
- He's on vacation.
- On vacation?
Well, who the hell is that?
Get in the truck! Get!
You fucking prick!
- Riggs! Riggs!
- Are you all right?
- Hey, are you a cop?
- Yeah, yeah.
14-60. 14-60. Into pursuit.
Will continue transmission.
Call 911 .
All right, honey.
Let me drive. We're in pursuit.
I'm driving, baby!
Don't worry.
Okay, this fool picked the wrong time
to mess with the wrong lady.
All right, all right, all right.
Just stay close.
Hey, hey, hey. Right behind you, baby.
That's right. Take a good look.
Delores the Road Warrior
is dead on your raggedy ass.
Ram him! Ram him!
- Watch out, Riggs.
- Come on!
- Are you married, sugar?
- What's that? What? Yeah, 24 years.
Yeah, 24 years.
- Yeah, but is it working?
- Hey, you can't get closer? Just get closer.
- I am. I'm getting closer.
Hold on, Riggs! Hold on!
- Hey, hey!
- Hold on! Hold on! We got you.
Hold on!
I told you I could do it.
- Closer! Closer!
- Get me up there.
- Yeah, get up close.
I am. I am, all right?
- Back off, back off!
- Aah!
If he falls, don't hit him.
Don't you worry about nothin', baby.
I got somethin' for you.
Whoa!
Ooh, hoo-hoo! Thanks for the interest,
sugar, but one thing at a time.
- Catch him, catch him.
- All right, all right.
Keep singin', baby. Keep singin'.
Just stay close.
Relax, baby. Relax, baby.
Ho! Ho! Ho! Hey, keep your hands
off my thigh. Keep 'em to you.
My partner's in trouble. You watch out for 'im.
- I got 'im!
- Boy, I'm getting too old for this shit.
- Not for me, you're not, sugar.
You have the right
to remain unconscious.
Anything you say
ain't gonna be much.
- Hey, Riggs. You all right, man?
-Ha!
I'm okay. I think we gotta book this guy
for not wearing his seat belt though.
Hey, that was dynamite driving.
- Hey, hey, hey, no, she's the dynamite driver.
- I'll show you dynamite.
- Whoo!
- Whoo, shuddup. Whoo!
- What you two been up to while I was at work?
- What do you mean? We were in pursuit.
- I saw you kiss 'er.
- No, I didn't kiss her, man. She kissed me.
It looked mutual to me. Wipe that lipstick off
before the guys at the station start talking.
Hey, go spit, Riggs.
You okay? You all right?
Back to bed. Back to bed.
- Morning, guys.
- Hey.
Daddy.
Hey, how about treating your dad
to breakfast today, okay?
- Well, you got six more days to go.
- Laundry service.
Hold this. Hangers?
I'm springing for the soap.
Nah, nothing too fancy, just a little starch.
Hey, that's a cute dog.
- It's a Westie.
- Morning, sweetie. Westie?
Morning, Trish.
- Hey.
Morning, Rog.
- Hey, Nick. Good morning.
- Spare me.
-What? Didn't you brush your teeth?
- Hold it, mister.
I'm... just looking
for some orange juice here.
Don't get any fingerprints on the door,
and put the glass in the dishwasher.
What happened?
Did somebody commit a murder here?
Somebody's coming by
to see the house this mornin'.
Oh. Hey, I think a little mess
adds to the charm.
How's this, huh?
This great? Okay? Okay?
Kelly's Pool Hall.
Kelly speaking.
Yeah, right, Kelly.
Hi, let me speak to dad.
Oh, hi, honey. How you doin'? Look,
I thought I asked you not to call me here.
It's for you, Rog.
- Me?
Hmm?
Uh, who are... ? Who is it? Hello?
Hi, there.
It's my first day at work.
You're gonna come by and wish me luck?
- Rianne?
Beautiful, huh?
Come on, come on, check it out.
- Beautiful lawn.
It's great.
See how quiet it is here?
Listen, listen.
That great? Come on.
- Very quiet.
- The inside's better than the outside.
- It's the people to look at the house.
- And our broker.
Okay, okay.
Just wanna make sure.
I gotta show you this room first.
This is my favorite room. This is great.
Okay? I love it. Is that it?
- Oh, yeah.
That say it all?
- Beautiful.
- Very nice.
Oh, I love that picture window.
Shhhh. Shh.
- You do? It's been completely replaced.
- Oh, why was that?
Oh, a drug dealer came through here
with his car and crashed right in.
Shot up the whole place. Shh.
Son of a bitch.
I'm-a cut him off at the...
- Ha, ha! Leo.
- Oh, ha. Drug dealer.
It's true. Hey, it's true. True.
Okay, okay, anyway, look. Eh, you like
these drapes? Maybe she'll leave the drapes.
- Hey, I thought you quit, huh?
- I did.
You'll stink up the house.
You don't need to smoke.
I'm edgy, I mean...
- You're edgy? Here. Here.
- That stuff about the drug dealer....
Chew on these.
Listen, I had to tell you
these things, okay?
I mean, it's the law.
I-it's called full disclosure.
Anything else you wanna disclose
before we go on?
Okay, okay,
now that you mention it,
the bathroom upstairs
has been completely remodeled,
due to unexpected bomb damage.
Hey, hey, hey,
come on. It's okay.
- Son of a bitch. I'm gonna...
- Shh. Shh.
- Don't. You'll never sell...
- Shh.
Okay, okay. So, uh,
we saw enough of the kitchen.
Okay. Let me show you upstairs.
Wait till you see this. It's beautiful upstairs.
You're really gonna love this.
- They're gone.
- Leo Getz, I guess I'm gonna kill him.
Son of a bitch. I'm-a kill 'im!
I'm-a kill 'im!
- Hey, don't...
- He's tryin' to ruin me, Riggs.
Hey, Leo, you got...
They weren't gonna buy the house anyway!
They weren't gonna buy it.
Yeah, yeah,
you scared them away.
No, no, no,
they weren't gonna buy it.
I think they couldn't
even afford the financing.
- Oh, Jesus.
- Okay, okay, relax, relax.
I had to tell them everything.
It's the law, okay? I mean, full disclosure.
You must have heard of it.
- Hey, I'm a cop. I'm the law.
- Ah!
- Ow!
Get off me! What is it with you?
- Hold it.
Okay, okay.
At least he didn't tell 'em
about that nail-gun incident.
- Oh....
- Hoh, I forgot.
Did you have a permit
when you built over the garage?
- A... permit-permit?
- You know what I'll do? I'll do... Hold it.
Leo's here. I'll take care of it, okay?
I'll make a couple o' calls.
We get some back-dated permits.
I'll take care.
Which phone can I use?
- Uh, the... sunroom. Sunroom.
- Okay, okay, okay. I got you.
- Jesus Christ.
- It's gotta be easier than this.
- They don't know Leo Getz.
You could do with a little less aggravation.
Why don't you come to work with me.
Yeah. Thank you, Leo.
Son of a bitch...
Stop like fronting yourself, man.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Swing with me and my crew.
That's the move.
Forget school.
Oh, man.
Here comes your pops, man.
Later, man.
- All right, I gotcha.
- All right, bro. I'm out, man.
- Next time, G. Peace, bro.
- Morning, Rog.
- How you doing, son?
- How you doing, Mr. Fisher?
- Hey, Nick.
Hey. Hey, Nick!
Uh, wasn't that Darryl?
- Yeah.
Haven't seen him around
in a while.
- He dropped out of high school.
- Those are pretty gang colors he's wearing.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, hey, Nick.
- Yeah, dad.
- Be good.
Word.
Hey, hey, word, Nick.
- Word, Riggs.
- Word, Rog.
- What are we talking about?
- Word.
Four letters. Starts with a "w",
"or" in the middle, "d" in the end.
Word. Where you been?
- Oh, yeah, that word.
- Word.
- Hey, Tyrone, my man, how are you?
- Jack, how's it goin'?
- Let's take a walk.
- Hey, wait up for me.
Look around, Tyrone. This is my dream
and it's all coming true.
You sank your money into this, all the way
out here in the middle of the fucking desert?
That's right. Know why
it's gonna be such a gold mine?
Do tell me.
Cause nobody wants to live
next door to people like you anymore.
You're a menace to society, Tyrone.
Jack, I came out here to do business,
not be insulted by you.
Relax, Tyrone.
Just like houses,
friendships need strong foundations.
Hey, Smitty, come here.
Come here.
What's wrong with you? Don't I
pay you good? Don't I take care of you?
Sure you do, Jack.
Now, what's this stupid business
you and Billy tried to pull up?
- It was a good plan. It worked.
- It didn't work. It didn't work.
You got nailed first time out.
Nobody who works for me
goes into business for themselves.
You understand what I'm saying?
Don't you see how that can jeopardize
everything? Right, Tyrone?
Heh, heh, whatever.
Especially tryin'
to pop an armored car.
Okay, Billy got caught.
There's nothing I can do about that now.
He's gonna have to face the music
on his own.
But you and me, Smitty...
we're gonna start over.
You know what I mean?
- Whatever you say, Jack.
- Good.
Glad you understand
what I'm talking about.
Now we got a relationship
we can build on.
Employee problems. You know how it is?
- Yeah, right.
You invest time and energy
into training somebody.
They get fucking greedy and do
something stupid that jeopardizes everything.
It's a bitch.
Stick around, stick around.
This is the good part.
We can put our initials
in there. Yeah?
Jesus Christ.
Lankershim and Vineland, man.
Where are we going, Rog?
Uh, right here. Rianne's got
a new job. I promised her I'd stop by.
That's a good reason.
All right. Here we are.
- You got any silver, any change?
- We're cops.
That's right, we're cops.
Not crooks. I'll get change.
- Where are you going? Get down!
- Get down! All of you, get down!
Riggs! Riggs!
How do you like that, huh?
What are you doing with a rubber gun?
- Martin, no!
- What?
This is a film. There are not...
Cut, cut, cut!
Who the fuck is this lunatic?
- Get him off my set.
- This isn't part of the story.
- Can we get a cop?
- Where did you come from?
Jesus. Who are you?
Rianne, I'm so sorry.
I feel like a microbe right now.
- You really thought I was in trouble?
- Oh, I did.
- You did?
- A real cop. Go sit in your fucking trailer.
What is wrong with you?
Are you an idiot?
I apologize.
- He's a friend of mine, he's a policeman.
- Yeah, we're both here to visit...
Oh, he's a friend of yours,
all right?
Let me tell you something, okay?
You're fired. All right. Have a nice day.
Fired? Hey, hey, hey, Riggs,
what did you do?
- You're not fired. Don't worry.
- No, you're not. Ta-ta-take it easy, Riggs.
You can't fire her
for something I did.
I don't care whose mistake it was.
She's fired.
- I apologize to everybody.
- Don't push him.
- Don't push.
- All of you, go!
Just take it easy.
Don't-don't push him. Don't push.
- Get off my set, all right?
- What are you, deaf? Go.
Move. Get off my set.
Look, on any normal day,
I'd smack you right in the mouth.
- Oh, is that so?
- Don't hit him.
It's a normal day.
I'm sorry. Listen, are you okay?
I'm sorry.
God, I'm all thumbs. Look, he fell down.
I'm sorry. Let me help you up.
I said don't hit him, Riggs.
- Is she fired?
- Yes, she's fired.
- No, no, all right? No.
- It's all right, baby.
- She got a raise?
- Yes. I said yes. Thank you.
- Good.
- Rianne, I... I think you have a new friend here.
- Yeah.
We... we'd like you
to come back.
All right.
When you gonna learn you can't settle
every problem with your fists?
I couldn't use my gun.
There was a crowd.
Hey, hey, man.
Okay, six more days and that's it.
Look, I don't wanna
hear that anymore okay?
Hey, didn't Rianne get her job back?
Didn't she get a raise in pay, did she?
I don't hear a "thank you".
Hey, maybe I should, uh, become one of those
Hollywood agents. What do you think?
- Hmm. Won't work.
- Why?
- Got a killer instinct.
- Heh. Son of a bitch.
We should've put the bag
on the meter like I said.
Okay, I-I forgot. I mean, put it in
the glove compartment, with the rest of 'em.
- No, no, no. I don't do that anymore.
- Oh, yeah? Good man.
It's full up already.
Put it in the back seat.
- You really like those things, huh?
- What, these? Yeah, it's good.
Hey, you know, you can eat a box of 'em.
I'm still dying for a cigarette.
- What, you cut yourself shaving?
- Yeah.
- Old razor?
- Old face.
I think you're really lettin' this
retirement thing get you down, Rog, uh...
Why don't you spend a couple more years,
think it over. Get used to the idea.
Why you wanna quit?
- I got plans for my retirement.
- Oh, yeah, plans. Yeah.
- Yeah, I do. Big plans.
- Sure. Big plans?
- I had them for a long time.
- Yeah? Like what?
Like, uh....
Uh, hey, things, man.
- Things.
- Okay, yeah, huh?
Yeah, yeah. Things that
I've put off for too long. Okay?
Oh, those-those things.
Oh, well, I got those things too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Riggs. Right.
I can see you've given this
a lot of thought, Rog, actually. Hmm.
Yeah.
I've given it
a lot of thought, Riggs.
Goddamn it!
What the hell is going on?
I'm pissed off! You need a reason?
But I heard gunfire.
- Well, get your hearing checked.
- Put that away.
- What are you looking at?
- Hey, man. Peace.
- Riggs, why'd you call us down here, man?
- Yeah, baby, yeah, baby, Bobby Cute, man.
Hey, how you doing, son?
Your mother know you're here?
Yes.
Hey, did you do this?
- Nice shooting.
- Phew.
Better than Billy the Kid, huh?
Diaper rash
makes you cranky, huh?
Hey, give that to your mom. Maybe
she'll stick it on the refrigerator door.
- Hey, can I borrow your glasses?
- Yeah.
Okay, who's wearin'?
Roger, you're wearing. I need you.
- Why me? You guys should be wearin'.
- Mr. Murtaugh, let me assist you.
I don't need any help. I've been
dressing myself since I was 30.
- Okay, man, just tryin' to help.
- Hey, man, just get back.
All you perverts, turn your heads.
- Take it off, baby.
Now, hold this shirt.
Woo-hoo.
Wearing a girdle, man.
- He's got a girdle!
- Hey, this is no... This is not a girdle.
This is not a girdle. It's-it's my back.
My back went out on me.
- He hurt his back.
- Hurt my back this morning lifting weights.
What you talking about?
I hurt my back this morning lifting weights.
Yeah, I saw him do it.
Okay, everybody, listen up.
I want you all to have a look
at these... lovely bullets.
- These are cute.
- Notice the smooth jacket.
Pay particular attention to the tip.
Good close look at it.
Now, you've all seen one of these vests stop
a .357 Magnum bullet at close range, haven't you?
- Yeah.
- So what?
Yeah? Okay.
Observe.
Son of a bitch.
- Armor-piercing bullets?
- Yeah.
- Jesus.
- Cop killers.
- Shit.
- Serious shit.
Those bullets came from the gun
of a suspect we arrested yesterday.
- Our shark guy?
- Yeah. They're out there on the streets.
Vests are optional, boys and girls.
Especially boys.
- Holy fuck.
- See you, Riggs.
Well, let's just
keep our eyes open.
Cop killers.
Son of a bitch.
I, uh, think we should
talk to Billy Phelps.
I'll have him brought down
for interrogation, okay?
Yeah.
I'm here to talk to a prisoner,
sergeant. Billy Phelps.
- Can I see all your ID there?
- Sure.
Yeah, William Phelps, the armored-car suspect.
He's been moved to interrogation.
Know where that is?
- Sure. Been there a lot.
Okay.
Same floor.
- Hey, Rog.
- Hmm?
I guess now you're retiring,
that, uh, Swiss bank account
is gonna come in pretty handy.
How much you got in there,
a million? Million and a half?
- Five.
Well, you deserve it, man.
It's better than those miserable
drug dealers gettin' it.
What are you talking about?
Hey, don't sweat it.
You laundered it, didn't you?
They can't trace it
if you laundered it.
They can't trace it.
- Well, now, heh...
Hey, look, so long as I get an invite
to the Casa de Murtaugh, I'm happy.
Casa what?
- I never been to Portugal.
- Stop joking.
She's a cop, man.
- I know she's a cop.
She's probably on the take too.
What do you take me for?
Come on.
The whole force is bent.
Look, she may be wearing a skirt,
but we're all brothers,
you know what I mean?
No, I don't have nothing there.
I ain't been to Portugal.
- Beautiful.
This, Murtaugh... This...
Son of a bitch.
Hey, how you doing?
- Fine.
- Who is it today?
- Billy...
- Billy Phelps.
Huh.
- Who are you?
- Fly me.
I'm your friendly
Portuguese airline.
- She's Infernal Affairs, Rog.
- How'd you know?
Well, I took the liberty of looking
at your file folder. It was showing.
Lorna Cole.
And you're sergeant Murtaugh.
- I used to be.
Yeah, what's Infernal Repairs
want with our collar?
We're taking over. Thanks.
Nobody told us they were taking over,
did they, Rog?
Well, nobody has to tell you
anything, patrolman.
Well, I'm gonna go and
see the captain. I think he should...
- You wanna go see the captain?
- Yeah.
- All right. Let's go see the captain.
- All right.
- And, uh, put on a vest.
- Oh, are you wearing one?
- Hey, hey, hey. Just take it easy, man.
- Okay.
Hey, guys. Phelps, William.
Actually, his name's Billy.
- Phelps? You too?
- Hi.
- Popular guy today.
- What, you got somebody with 'im?
No, not really.
He's down the hall to the right.
- Wanna sign in here, sarge?
- Sure.
- Miss.
- Thank you.
Captain, what's Internal Affairs
doing here?
Don't start with me, all right?
I just found out myself.
You just found out...
This is Herman Walters,
chief of intelligence.
Herman, you haven't met
his daughter, Lorna Doone, here.
- Cole.
- Pleased to meet you.
The Phelps case has been
transferred to Internal Affairs.
- Why? Tell me why.
- I can't tell you.
- That's classified.
- It's classi... ?
We busted our buns busting this guy.
We busted him...
Busted is right.
He spent the night in county hospital.
- He forgot to buckle up.
- Yeah, we even cited him for it.
- I know. I read your report.
- Yeah.
You know, our cases have
unfortunately crossed paths here.
That's all I can say.
We'll take over from here.
Hey, captain,
what's she talking about here, huh?
- That's classified.
- No, no, I said "captain". I'm talking to him.
I'm telling you...
No, I-I-I said "captain".
No, I'm talking to the captain.
- That's classified.
- I'm talking to him.
- Bullshit!
- Murtaugh. Hey, hey. Riggs!
Look, maybe these guys
can contribute something to this case.
From what I've seen
in their records,
the only thing they do contribute
is mayhem and chaos.
No, I'm Chaos and he's Mayhem.
We're a double act.
What are we, required reading or something?
- As a matter of fact, you are.
It's a cross between "Police Gazette"
and "Mad" magazine.
- What's wrong with "Mad" magazine?
- No, nothing, I used to read it myself.
Oh, well, yeah, you got some taste.
You got some good taste...
When I was 12.
- When you... Yeah.
- Hey, hey. Riggs, let's go.
We busted him, we can talk to him.
- Let's go.
- Captain!
- Riggs! Murtaugh!
- Yeah.
- Get your asses back here.
You'll be needing these.
I'm reinstating both of you.
- Don't you just love him?
- Yeah.
- God.
- No, no, no. You're Murtaugh and I'm Riggs.
You really are a beautiful man.
Yeah, right.
Just get rid of the blues.
They don't go with the ponytail.
- Absolutely not.
Yeah, right.
- And get a haircut.
- Course I won't.
- You just exceeded your authority, captain.
- That's not the way I see it.
- But I think it's the way the chief will see it.
- Will you just take it up with him.
- I think I will.
Catch up with you.
We don't want this screwed up.
You're gonna have to get him
between lunches. Son of a bitch.
Hi, Billy.
- Jack.
- Bye, Billy.
See you, Billy.
Hey, sergeant, did you get
what you need?
Not really. It's a dead issue,
I'm afraid.
How long has Phelps
been doing this?
- Doing what?
- His armored-car thing.
I wouldn't know.
I'm not interested in armored cars.
I don't think
she's telling us everything, Rog.
Yeah, I think you're right.
Boy, these six days
is gonna be rough.
God, be good to me, please.
Shit, son of a bitch knew
there was a camera in the wall.
Look how he's covering up.
Damn it.
He didn't know there was one
in the interrogation room.
- There isn't.
- Yeah.
We installed them
six months ago. Every station.
- What?
- Well, that's great.
Six months they been there,
we don't know anything about it?
This is the police police,
captain.
Oh, police police. That's very good, Riggs.
Can you say that three times in a row, real fast?
- Why, am I getting to you? Am I getting to you?
- You trying to bait me?
- I'm a master of it.
- Well, that figures.
Hey, heh, baiting master. Great, man.
I'll try that on Trish.
Freeze that! Stop it.
Jack Travis.
- Who?
- Lieutenant Jack Edward Travis.
He was one of us.
One hell of a brutal cop.
He could beat a confession out of anyone.
One hell of a dirty cop.
I've never seen so many suspensions and
reprimands and charges of misconduct.
Yeah, well, he's also
as tough as they come.
- What happened to 'im?
- I don't know.
His partner and him were on a stakeout.
He went for coffee, never came back.
- Looks like he's had one cappuccino too many.
- Yeah.
We better brief Walters.
Excuse me, cute stuff.
- That's harassment.
- "Cute stuff". That's you.
- Captain.
- Hey, boys, boys. Just the captain.
Your involvement in this case ended
when Billy Phelps hit the floor.
Why don't you go back
and... beat your street?
- Hey, Murtaugh, now's the time to buy.
- Leo, not now.
- Hey, Roger, Roger.
- Hey, no-no-not now, Leo.
No, no. Not-not now.
- We gotta talk, babe, okay?
You're in trouble. You got termites.
- Termites?
- Uh-huh.
- Oh, God.
- You're infested.
The only thing holding up
your house is the paint, 'kay?
Hey, Rog, I think
we should go now.
Leo, could you get a powder
and get the place fumigated?
I think we should go to Evidence
and pull every file we got on this guy.
Hey, I know this guy.
What are you watching, Geraldo?
- What did you say?
- I said I know the guy.
- Leo! How do you know him?
- I've seen the guy before.
You've seen him before?
- Hey, where?
- I don't know, man. I recognize him...
His name's Jack Travis, Leo.
Does that ring a bell? Jack Travis.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hands off the clothes. Okay, baby?
Okay. Okay. I'm thinking,
I'm thinking, all right? Let me think.
- Think.
- Okay.
A big party.
Somebody brought a monkey cause
the monkey knocked over the salad bar.
And this guy... comes in,
introduced me to another guy,
who wants a favor.
I got it. I got it. I got it!
- What?
He got it.
- I remember! I remember!
- You remember! You remember...
Hey, don't do it.
Don't let the earring fool you. Okay.
Hey, hey, we're back. We're back!
- Yeah. Yeah.
- All right. Hey, listen, listen.
- Yeah.
You think
I could get a gun this time?
No!
Okay, this is it. See, these guys always
wanted me to do favors for them.
Like, some guys wanted broads,
another guy wanted Cuban cigars.
Your guy, hockey.
The best seats in the house.
- Where's the seats?
- Yeah.
Uh, probably by the glass.
Around the glass.
Hey, does "needle in a haystack"
mean anything to you?
Why don't we spread out?
You know, if we all take a different
direction, it'd be like old times.
Don't push, lady.
I'm on police business here.
Just take it easy now.
Go! All right!
Los Angeles penalty.
Number 15, Tony Brown.
Two minutes
for high-sticking.
Time, 5:15.
Los Angeles,
shorthanded goal.
Nineteenth goal and 41st point
for number 3, Max Weinberger.
Mr. Jack Travis.
Mr. Jack Travis,
this is the L.A.P.D.
We know you're in here. We know
where you are. Just stay in your seat.
Don't be stupid.
And I'll be there to collect and
escort you out in a minute.
By the way, there's policemen
at every exit, so it's no use trying to run.
- Just stay where you are.
- Smart son of a bitch.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Play on, boys.
Come on, let's go!
Get out of my fucking way!
Ooh! Ooh! Riggs!
Riggs! Roger! Roger!
Ooh! Excuse me. Excuse me.
- Hey!
- Riggs!
You can't be on the ice.
Ooh! Ooh!
I got 'im. I got 'im.
You have the right to remain...
You're under arrest.
- Fucking weasel.
- What the hell's going on here?
I'm L.A.P.D.
L.A.P.D.
I don't care.
You can't be on the ice.
What is this,
a convention?
- I got 'im.
- You're all right, pal. Just stay calm.
Tell my mother, Rog.
- Where did he go?
- Down there. Down there.
Son of a bitch.
He thinks I don't know I'm dying.
I know it.
- No.
- Yeah, yeah.
- You-you're gonna be okay.
- I'm dying, Roger.
- You're gonna be okay.
- I'm choking, okay? I'm choking. See?
This is they do when they die.
I saw them.
- Leo, it's gonna be okay.
- Yeah, well, I'm... I'm numb.
My whole body's numb.
I can't feel it.
- Hey, Leo.
- I'm gonna die, I know it.
- Leo!
- What?
You're lying on the ice.
- That's why I'm cold?
- That's why you're cold.
- That's why I'm numb, huh?
- That's why you're numb.
He shot me.
Look at all the blood on me.
- It's just a flesh wound.
- So it's okay.
You're fine.
- Let's get you up. One, two, three.
- Yeah.
There you go.
You're gonna make it.
He's okay, he's okay.
He's gonna make it. He's alive.
Ooh! Ow, ow!
- Bring him this way, guys.
- I just... I can't believe this. I just...
I can't believe I got shot.
- You'll be all right.
- Hey, Riggs, Riggs, you here?
- Calm down.
We're all the same now.
We all got shot.
- You'll be fine.
- Ouch. That's...
- Relax, Mr. Getz.
- Hey, I'm fine. I'm fine. Nothing wrong with me.
I can take this. Ouch!
Okay, just calm down. We're gonna take care of it.
You'll be out of here tonight. There's no big deal.
Right, I'll be out tonight.
I don't think that's a good idea.
You shouldn't rush this, doc.
- Yeah.
- I think you should rest up, Leo.
A dumdum wound
can be very serious.
What's... what's
a dumdum wound?
You don't know? A guy in the force...
got his thumb shot off by a dumdum.
From the shock,
he was dead two days later.
Dead two days later?
He died from dumdums?
- We'll keep you overnight.
-Yeah, take it slow.
Two days? All right,
we'll keep him two days.
You'll be here two days.
- That Leo's chart?
We'll keep you here. We'll keep you two days,
and then you'll be out as good as new.
- Bye, Leo.
- I should be with... Hey! Ow! Ouch!
- How do you spell "proctological"?
- Rectal exam?
No, you can't do that to Leo.
- Sure we can.
- Why's she taking my... ?
- Please, Mr. Getz. You'll get it when you're ready.
You've been shot in the arm, okay?
Just let her take it. You'll get it back.
- Okay, okay, okay.
- There's a clock in your room.
- Okay, okay, fine. Riggs!
- Yeah?
This look like a dumdum wound?
- Yeah... It sounded like one when it happened.
- Oh, shit.
- Take it easy. Two days.
- All right, all right.
Two days and you'll be out.
No problem.
- All right.
- Okay?
- Hey, I'll see you guys.
- Yeah. We won't make a move without you.
Right. I thought that bullet
sounded different.
- Just relax, okay?
- Hey, I'm fine.
They'll be there
when you get out.
- You own your own house, doc?
- What?
- You don't recognize my face?
- No, sir.
Watch.
About time. These doggy treats
are okay, but l need some human food.
Don't worry about it.
I'm 'bout to make you one of the best
things you ever had in your life.
Good.
- Hey! You ever eat one of my hamburgers?
- I've been lucky so far but I'll take a chance.
That's big yeah.
Hey, Fast Eddie.
- How's business?
- Booming. Can't you tell?
Yeah, I'm looking at it.
You meet my partner?
- Nah.
Look, I wanna cook one
o' those monster burgers for 'im.
- Go for it.
- All right.
- You gonna let him cook?
- Do I have a choice?
- No, you don't have a choice because it's Wednesday.
- Too big to argue with.
Oh, in that case,
give me a McRog.
- Hold the hair.
- Heh, heh.
You wash your hands, man?
All right, keep joking, but I guarantee
you're gonna like this burger.
And you're gonna come back
with your friends.
I haven't got any friends,
you know that, Rog. Well, except you.
He's a comedian
in his spare time.
Oh, yeah?
When is he gonna say somethin' funny?
Hey, uh, you gonna put that out?
You're finished with it, yeah?
Do you mind, huh? Thanks.
Sorry. I was just looking at it.
- Chew on this onion.
-Yeah.
- Yeah. He's quitting, so help him, okay?
- I quit.
I was only looking at it.
Ah. First thing is the fat.
Everybody says "Cut the fat".
My uncle Theodore said "You cut the fat,
you kill the burger". Right, Eddie?
- Yep.
- There's an art to this.
You just can't plop this
on the grill.
Gently coax the flavors out.
- Yo, hey.
- What's the problem?
A little pepper,
then you massage it a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Sweet, sweet meat.
Shit, man, feel it.
Okay, guys. L.A.P.D.
Let me see your hands.
Come on, let me see your hands.
Get them up!
In the car. Get them up there.
Let me see both of them. Come on!
Hey, Riggs.
Riggs!
God, don't you love me?
Five days.
Damn it,
don't do that shit to me.
Riggs, you okay?
- Yeah.
Come on.
Who did it, who did it?
All right, asshole.
I wanna see your hands right now.
Back me up, Riggs!
Darryl?
Oh, fuck, no. Fuck! Fuck, no!
Hey, call-call an ambulance.
Riggs, call an ambulance. Breathe.
You breathe.
Breathe.
Hey, call an ambulance, Riggs.
Hey, come on.
Breathe. Oh, God.
Fuck, it's Darryl.
Darryl, breathe.
Oh, God, don't do this to me.
Breathe.
- He's dead, Rog.
- Fucking breathe!
He's dead.
- Breathe! Oh, God, don't do this to me.
- He's dead, Rog.
He's dead, Rog.
Rog, he's dead.
He's dead, Rog. He's dead.
Come on. Don't mess with it, man.
He's dead. Come on, man,
it was a clean shoot.
It's okay,
He was gonna do you,
he was gonna do me.
It's okay. You okay?
It's not okay.
- What?
- I know that kid.
I know that kid.
He's Nick's friend.
- Got it, mom.
- I'll get it.
Hello? Hi, Martin.
He's not here.
Oh, my God.
Thanks.
Fuck! Fuck!
Hey, Sean, how you doing? Taking your vitamins?
Still a little moist around here
- Riggs, how's Murtaugh?
- He's good. He's fine.
Morning, captain.
- I'm sure he's anything but fine, Riggs.
- Oh, really, he's okay.
- I'd really like to talk to him.
- I don't think that's a good idea.
No, I think the best thing you could do
for him is leave him alone.
- Let's, uh, get something for your cold.
- I know what I'm talking about, Riggs.
You and I have to talk, Riggs.
Oh, really? I don't think so.
Talking to you is bad for my image.
- I'm afraid I insist.
- Oh, you insist?
You ins... Well, in that case,
let's find somewhere a little more private.
Here, step into my orifice.
Here.
Hey, Becker,
how's it hanging?
- Hey, Riggs.
- Yeah.
- Clip any wrong wires lately?
- Ah, no, I haven't done that for a couple days. No.
- Hey, next time, wait for the bomb squad.
- Bomb squad.
Yeah, come on, it's our job.
Okay, I'll remember that. We saved a cat.
What do you want?
- Great. And I love cats.
- Hey.
Go ahead, talk. I'm listening.
You purposefully withheld information
concerning a case under my investigation.
-Yeah, damn right I did.
- Careful, Riggs, she's Internal Affairs.
You had a tip on Travis,
you should have shared it with me.
No, I take that back.
You were required
to share it with me.
- I was required to share it with you?
- Yeah.
Hey, I don't have
to share shit with you, honey.
This is school yard rules. If you don't
scratch my back, I don't throw you...
- Oh, come on, Riggs. I can't do that.
- Yes, you can.
Why don't you cut out
this classified bullshit?
Right now.
It's giving me the shits!
We're cops. You're a cop, I'm a cop.
We're both on the same side, right?
Right? Right?
- Right!
Right? Good.
Why don't we start to act like it, huh?
Come on, there's kids
out there. Babies.
No brains,
but they got automatic weapons.
Yesterday, my partner, he nailed this kid...
- I know about Murtaugh.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. And I'm sorry, Riggs.
Yeah.
Look, uh....
Look, why don't you let me in on this?
I can help you.
I really wanna help you,
if you'll let me. Let me.
Come on, what do you say?
We got a deal?
Wash your hands, Riggs.
And, um,
meet me in my office.
Yeah, yeah. Okay.
I'll be right there.
Be right there.
MAC-10, 9 mm, semi-automatic...
- ... converted to automatic...
- ... with 36 rounds in the magazine.
On a sesame-seed bun. Very illegal.
- That gun has a history. You wanna know about it?
- Tell me.
Killed a convenience-store clerk
in L.A. County, July 1990.
It was used in a drive-by shooting
in San Bernardino County, August 1990.
It's confiscated by a truant officer of the L.A. County
Unified School Board, October 1990.
Scheduled for destruction by the L.A.P.D.
six weeks ago.
- Scheduled for destruction?
- Yeah.
But it never got there.
Instead, it found its way
into the hands of a 15-year-old boy,
who fired it at a police officer,
your partner.
- Thought it looked familiar.
- That gun and 15,000 others like it
were stolen from a police department storage
facility before they could be destroyed.
I mean, they should be paper clips
right now or-or license plates or I don't know.
Anything but a gun. I mean, here we are,
busting our asses on the streets
trying to get these weapons out of circulation
and now they're headed right back out.
When you busted Billy Phelps,
you stumbled onto something
the department's
been trying to keep a lid on.
That's why Internal Affairs is on this, isn't it?
Cause they think it's an inside job.
Yeah, that's right.
They knew police procedures.
They knew where the guns were stored
and how to get in.
They even knew the sorting codes
on the sides of the containers,
because they took the automatics
and left the junk behind.
It all pointed to a cop.
- Or an ex-cop.
- Right. Travis.
- Travis.
And you let him slip
through your fingers.
- That's closer than you ever got.
- Close, Riggs?
Close is a lingerie shop
without a front window.
You wanna go for a ride?
- Sure, where we goin'?
Surprise.
Oh, I love surprises.
What is this place?
I accessed Billy Phelps'
phone records on my computer.
He made a dozen calls
to this address.
That was nice of you
to steal that information?
Semantics, Riggs.
Semantics?
Oh, I'm always up for some antics.
- All right, let's go on three. One...
- Uh, on three, or three and then go?
- What?
- Oh, never mind. One, two, three.
Gotcha.
Looks like Billy's grandmother
owns a big dog.
That is no a dog.
It's a horse.
I hate dogs, Riggs.
- I don't get it.
- You don't get what?
That's a dog.
It's a fucking dog.
No, no, I don't get "Close is a lingerie shop
without a front window." I don't get that.
Riggs, later.
What are you doing?
- Well, I can't shoot a dog.
People, okay, but not dogs.
I think I... should try
and make friends with him.
- Make friends?
- Yeah.
Now, don't run, because he'll only
chase you down and kill you.
Uh-huh.
Here, boy. Here, boy.
- Yes. Good boy. Yes.
- Shit.
Riggs.
You're crazy.
Want one? Want one?
You hungry? Huh?
You're a hungry boy.
Doesn't anybody feed you?
Come on.
What a good fella.
Here. Here's more.
Leave some for me.
Very slowly, as if you're not here,
just walk away.
-You want me to go?
-Yeah. This is a guy sort of thing.
- Guy sort of thing?
- Are you all alone in here?
Stay, stay.
Come on, let's go.
- Let's go. Let's go.
- Watch.
On two.
- All right, how many is that?
- Fifty-five.
Fifty-five. All right, we got eight more.
All right, we'll get these later.
Let's go.
Hi, fellas.
What's in all these boxes?
Easy, Earl, let's not kill him yet, huh?
Let's see who he is first, all right?
You have the right
to remain silent.
Shut him up.
Sergeant Martin Riggs, heh.
Hubie, get the truck ready.
- Right.
So, sergeant Riggs...
how did you find us?
Freeze. Police!
Oh, another one?
We need a new fucking dog.
Get your hands up,
asshole.
Get them up.
A little bit higher.
That's better.
Very good.
Drop it, miss.
Now, look...
Okay, I'm on. No, I'm not.
Wait!
Wait. Wait, wait! Wait!
Sergeant Cole!
- Get down! Get down!
Get those cases
and kill that dog.
Stop! The dog. Wait for the dog.
Where'd you learn to fight like that?
- Catholic school. Forget about the dog.
Here, boy. Come on, boy. No, we're waiting
for the dog. Just hold it, hold it.
Okay, hurry. Come on, dog.
Good dog. Good puppy. Go! Go! Let's go!
Stop! Stop!
- What? What?
- Guns.
- It's full of guns.
- Grab one.
- You grab one.
- You got friends?
Go, go! Step on it!
Get that crate. Come on.
Hatchett, you said
not to worry about the police,
but the cops are
all over you, man.
They got my guns.
They'll be coming after me next.
So far as I'm concerned,
the deal's off.
Get a grip on yourself, Tyrone,
all right? We have a deal.
Nobody backs out.
You said you had the cops
under control.
Now I see that isn't so.
So you give me one good reason
why I should do business with you.
- I'll give you a real good reason.
- Hey, Tyrone, this is Travis.
You try and back out the deal now, I'll make certain
that only your dentist can identify the body.
Is that a good enough reason
for you?
But I need ammo.
I'm out of business
without ammo.
I need the good stuff.
- You'll get the ammo. The good stuff.
"The good stuff." Jesus!
Time to pay another visit
to the L.A.P.D.
You look like I feel.
Hey. Hey.
You got anything
I can put on my head?
There's a hat in the closet.
Oh, you're all heart. And now here I thought
you were gonna get all tender and maternal with me.
Listen, Riggs,
I was raised with four brothers.
We got hurt all the time,
but if no bones were broken
or blood wasn't gushing, nobody cared.
-Hey, look, blood. See? Blood.
- It's not gushing.
Well, it was free-flowing earlier.
Hey, could you at least
bring me a needle and thread?
You know, maybe some peroxide.
I can patch it up myself.
- Don't touch anything.
- I... wasn't. I didn't...
What's with you, anyway?
The boys.
- Hey, what are you doing, huh?
I told you not to touch anything.
- Uh, this came on by itself.
- Oh, it came on all by itself?
- I swear.
You a wise guy?
Come on. You don't like anybody
to share your toys, do you?
- This isn't a toy, Riggs.
- It's not? What is it?
- This is a weapon.
- That's a weapon?
Yeah. And used properly,
a very effective weapon.
What, do you throw it at people?
Pretty heavy.
You're gonna give yourself a hernia,
Riggs. Come here and sit down.
Right here.
- Okay, take a little off the top.
- Right here.
- What's that? You bring all your interrogations home?
- Okay.
What are we talking about here?
- Well, it's back here.
Careful. Careful.
Careful. Oh.
- This?
This scratch?
- Come on, it feels like Grand Canyon.
- Oh, God.
- Ah!
- Hold still.
- Yeah.
Ah!
- Oh, God. We haven't even started.
Be gentle with me, will you?
I see this isn't virgin territory.
Hey, what is this? A knife?
Huh? Oh, that's an axe.
Some guy mistook my head for a log.
- Ah, that's a natural mistake.
- What are you sayin', that I have a wooden head?
Yeah.
- Look at that.
- It's a knife.
-Knife? That's very knife.
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, hey, this is all right.
Oh, that's a pavement,
dragged down Crenshaw.
- Oh, yeah?
- Mm-hm.
Hey, that's great. Look at that texture.
Look at this, huh?
Same damn thing.
Third and Highland.
Dragged for about half a block, I'll tell you what.
- That's a good one.
Feel that texture. Feel it.
Cheese-grater time.
Moving truck.
- Moving truck? Ooh!
Moving bullet.
- Moving bullet?
- Yeah. Here. Right here. This is the best.
- Bullets now.
Oh, hey.
- Yeah. And it goes all the way through to the back.
- Right through?
You're lucky. What is it, .22?
- It's a .38, Riggs.
- That's a .38?
It's a .38.
That's a .38? That's kinda wimpy .38.
Now, this is a .38.
- Yours is bigger than mine?
- I think so.
- I don't think so.
- Maybe not, but look. Watch.
A whole family of .44s
on the back. Yeah.
Look, there they are.
- That's impressive.
One coming through, got one stuck in my lung.
I was breathing blood bubbles. It was disgusting.
- Blood bubbles.
- Yeah.
Okay.
- You got one?
- Mm.
Pump-action. 12-gauge.
- Oh, yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah. Right down here.
- Oh.
Went through.
- Oh, that must've hurt.
- Right.
- Not too close.
- Pfft!
Riggs, if he were that close,
I'd be dead.
I can beat it. I can beat it.
Have a look at this.
- I'll take your word for it.
- No, no, really. You gotta see this.
I'll take your word.
This guy had a two-foot knife.
Oh, you're gonna love it.
I'm sure.
You're gonna love it. He stuck it right
in my leg and ran it around  about eight times.
- Clearly hurt like a son of a bitch.
- I'll take your word for it, Riggs.
- Well, look,
- No, I said forget it.
- Come on, this is a blue-ribbon event, here, babe.
- Forget it, Riggs.
Hey, you started this.
- Yeah, well, I can end it.
- You know what?
You're a very poor loser.
I didn't lose, Riggs.
- Yes, you did.
- No. No, I didn't lose.
- Yes.
- I conceded.
- You lost.
- No, I conceded. No, I conceded.
There's a difference between
losing and conceding.
You conceded
or you're conceited?
- You think I'm conceited?
- Oh, yeah.
Tell me you lost.
Admit to it.
I'll go get you a Band-Aid.
- Come on, tell me you lost.
- I said, don't touch anything.
You're gonna smack
the shit out of me, right?
I can do
better than that, Riggs.
Now, this could be
a serious ethical breach here.
I never made it
with another sergeant before.
Shut up, Riggs.
Oh!
Oh, damn, Riggs.
What do you want, Riggs?
- I just wanted to see how you were doing, Cochise.
Who sent you? Trish?
Well, uh, you're doing pretty well.
No, Trish didn't send me.
It was Rianne came to see me.
She asked me to find you.
- Your place?
- Well, yeah, that's where I am.
- My daughter came to your trailer?
- Yeah.
- What the hell?
Oh, come on, Roger,
she was worried.
Hey, hey,
get off of my boat, Riggs.
- Oh, come on.
- Get off my boat.
Look, you're drunk, Rog, all right?
Oh, that's something
you should know about, huh?
- This isn't gonna do any good.
- Give me that.
- No.
Rog, please don't do this, okay?
Come on, you got three days to go till you retire.
This is not gonna do you any good.
- You self-righteous bastard. Give it.
- Roger!
- Look, don't do this, okay? Please.
- Hey, give it to me, damn it, Riggs!
No! Oh, Jesus Christ.
What are you gonna do now, shoot me?
- Uh-huh.
- There.
Take your finger out of my bottle
and give me that gun.
The bottle's going south.
Son of a bitch.
Oh, shit.
- Not bad for an old man.
- You finished?
No, I got another bottle in the galley
and I'm gonna get it.
No, you're not. Rog, don't do this
to yourself, all right? Please.
You gotta cut this out.
Oh, man, I'm sorry.
Are you okay? Are you okay?
All right. Sit down. Sit down.
You okay?
- You hit me. You hit me.
- Look, cool it, will you?
Cut it out.
Now, just give it up, okay?
Go ahead.
Go ahead. Hit me again.
I don't wanna hit you.
You think I like this shit?
Hit me again, huh?
You think I'm afraid of you?
- I know you're not.
- And that-that kung fu shit you...?
Rog, no! Please, Rog.
Look, that kid was a killer,
all right?
That wasn't a tanker toy
in his hand.
That was a machine pistol
with twin carbines and all the trimmings, man.
He would have drilled you, me,
anybody that came along, all right?
You had no choice.
It didn't happen to you, Riggs.
It happened to me.
It happened to me!
My God, I killed that kid.
I... killed that boy.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you kill a lot of people.
You kill a fucking lot of people!
You ever kill a baby?
You got ice... ice in your veins.
You ever kill a... a boy like Nick?
You selfish bastard!
You're just thinking about yourself!
Goddamn it.
What about me. Huh?
We're partners. We are partners.
What happens to you,
happens to me.
After all the shit we've been through,
don't you get it?
Don't you get it?
When you retire, you're not just
retiring you, you're retiring us.
You're retiring us.
- That's not my problem.
- Yes, it is.
- It's not my problem.
You're the only family I got.
I got three beautiful kids.
I love them, they're yours.
Trish does my laundry.
I live in your icebox. I live in your life.
What am I gonna do?
What am I... what am I supposed to do?
- I don't care.
- Yes, you do.
- I don' care.
- Yes, you do!
- I don't care! I don't care!
-Yes, you do!
- I don't care!
- You do so care!
I don't care!
I don't care. I don't care.
I don't know what... I don't know what
I'm saying anymore. I don't know what I'm thinking.
I had, uh, three days, and now this.
I'm sorry.
- That's all right.
- No, no, I'm sorry. I-I-I know...
I didn't realize...
that my retirement's
gonna screw you up.
Forget it, man. I haven't got any problems.
I was out of line saying that shit.
Look, man....
Um, Riggs, look....
Hey. You-you-you know I love you.
You know I love you, Riggs. And-and... and
your problems are my problems, all right?
I mean, like-like you said,
what happens to you...
happens to me. So try me.
I'm here for you.
I-I haven't...
I haven't got any problems, Rog.
Oh, yes, you do. We-we...
we all have problems. And-and you help me...
and-and I'm gonna help you.
I-I... do have a little problem.
Uh....
Oh, no, shit. You don't wanna hear.
This is piddly shit.
Riggs, yes, I do.
I wanna hear it.
Tell me.
- Now, you know what? This is ridiculous.
You don't wanna hear it.
- No, no. No. I'm here. I'm here.
Well....
I think... maybe I-I slept with someone
that I probably shouldn't have.
You son of a bitch!
Help me, man.
I ought to let you drown,
you traitor.
Help me, Rog. Help me.
- Come on in.
- Aah!
- What did you hit me for? You hit me.
- You slept with Rianne.
- I did not.
- Yes, you did.
Who did you sleep with?
- I slept with sergeant Cole.
Sergeant Cole from Traffic?
No, not sergeant Cole
from Traffic.
Lorna.
- Lorna.
Lorna. Sergeant Cole
from Traffic's her uncle.
- Oh, okay. That's okay. That's okay.
- Oh, I don't know.
She was all like...
Sheriff's Department.
- Sheriff, we're... we're L.A.P.D.
- L.A.P.D.
Yeah? What are you boys
doin' down there?
- Well... we're in the middle of a case.
- Yeah.
Of Scotch.
Let's get out of here.
- Go-go... with the grain.
- Huh?
I'll show you. Here.
You're going against the grain.
Like that.
- Okay.
You okay?
Darryl was my friend, dad.
I know. I'm sorry, son.
I hope you don't blame me.
I don't blame you, dad.
I blame Darryl.
- What's this right here?
- Huh?
- Right there.
- What?
I love you, dad.
I love you, son.
Grant them both pardon
and everlasting rest.
Let them escape the judgment of vengeance
and enjoy the blessedness of eternal life.
Oh, Lord, we commend
the soul of Darryl Smithers to your safety.
May he find the peace in heaven
that eluded him on Earth.
And may the scourge of violence,
claiming the lives of our children
be lifted by your grace
and infinite wisdom.
- Amen.
Amen.
Nice service.
Wait here.
Mrs. Smithers. Ma'am?
I just don't know...
You wanna do something,
sergeant Murtaugh?
You find the man
that put the gun in my son's hand.
Take your mama to the car.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Who's got the gun?
- We got it.
- Yeah.
Where did this gun come from,
motherfucker?
Fuck you.
Do you ever heard of the word "genocide"?
Like you stupid motherfuckers are?
You ever heard the word "genocide"?
You fools are killing yourself!
You're killing us!
I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it.
Motherfucker.
You better tell me where this gun's from
or I'll blow your motherfucker head off.
I wanna know now.
Where did this gun come from?
Hey, you see this gun? I wanna know where
it came from, Tyrone. I wanna know now.
Hiya, Hubie.
Hey, we're looking for
a friend of yours, named Travis.
I never heard of him.
Never heard... ? Ehh! Ehh!
Wrong answer. Wrong answer. Ehh! Ehh!
- And you're pulling on the wrong string.
- Hey, Roger, that's not a very professional attitude.
- Who the fuck are you guys?
- Ah, sorry. L.A.P.D.
We're just doing a few routine inquiries.
You been checked for lice recently?
Hey, hey, hey.
Give me my fucking wallet.
- Hey, keep your hands down.
- Give my fucking wallet back!
Get up. We don't need this.
We have a license that belongs
to one Hubert Bartholomew Smith.
- Is that you?
- Bartholomew.
- Fuck you.
- Hey, there's a lady here. Do you mind?
- What the fuck... ?
- Hey!
What the hell's going on here?
- Maybe they know something.
- Well, I'll go find out.
- Want me to come with you?
- No, I got it.
- Sure?
- Mm-hmm. Sure.
- You know, I should go with her, Riggs.
- I don't know. I want you to see something, Rog.
She has a gift. Watch this.
- A gift?
Morning, gentlemen.
L.A.P.D. Got a few questions.
You on parole?
- I got a job, fuck-o.
- Shut up. Who asked you?
Maybe you know a Mr. Travis?
-You got a warrant?
-No, I don't have a warrant, but I can get one.
Well, until you do... fuck off.
Now, that's not a nice thing
to say to a lady.
- Fuck you.
- I don't think so.
Ah!
- Backspin kick.
- Sheesh!
Aah! Shit!
Hey, watch out.
You okay, honey?
I'm just great.
- Honey?
- How are you doing?
Oh, this guy's on parole.
And this guy's an asshole.
- Hey, Riggs, there's five of them, man.
- Yeah, I know.
Look at the front kick.
Look at that.
Grabbed his cluster.
Let me help her.
Stay still.
Whoa! Hey, hey, hey.
My girl.
Yeah. This PMS... it's murder.
Ah, yeah, yeah, I know what you mean.
I've been married 25 years.
So tell me about Travis.
Like I told you before, moron,
I don't know no Jack Travis.
I didn't say his name was Jack.
Hey, you better start telling me
more than jack shit. Come on.
Hey, Murphy.
People here cross the street
when they see me coming.
Well, I didn't have enough time.
I'm not your enemy, captain.
I'm just trying to do my job.
- Have you eaten?
- Yeah, I already ate. I gotta go downtown.
- What, do you eat alone?
- I'm used to it.
It's bad for the digestion.
Tomorrow you have lunch with me,
but I'm not paying.
The fuck is this?
Hey, buddy, you all right?
Two fingers, Murph.
- Jack, what the fuck?
- Get in the car. I'll tell you after the ride.
You know, after watching Lorna
handle herself so well,
boy, I'm changing my mind
about all that kung fu shit.
Hey, you wanna try something?
- Heh, no.
- Come on.
No, no, no.
I guess you can't teach
an old dog new tricks.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Old dog, my ass, huh?
- Yeah?
You wanna try something? Okay, watch this.
This is called a backspin kick.
Pivot on the right,
kick with your left
and you whip that head around
to catch the target... the target over there.
Like this, but get that head round first
and follow through.
Like so.
So you whip the head.
All right?
Thank you. Thank you.
Now you try it.
Here's your target. All right?
- Okay.
Remember. Pivot on the right, kick with the left,
get that head round and spot that target.
- Like that.
- Yeah, that's it. Follow the head round.
Uh, back up a little bit.
We don't want you to bump into this pole.
Just back up a little bit.
A little bit more. Okay, good.
Okay, mind and body strong now,
grasshopper.
All right. Okay.
Go.
- Hey, hey, hey!
- He can't hold his water, boys.
Get back to work.
Okay, okay,
back to work, everybody.
Man. Oh, Rog, man, I'm sorry.
Sergeant Murtaugh.
You could be experiencing some
transitional anger here caused by the shooting.
You wanna talk about it?
- I think he's okay for a change, doc.
- Are you sure?
Yeah. You know, you really look good
in red. That's your color, I think.
- I've got a little extra time now, sergeant.
- I'm fine, doctor.
Oh, shit.
Where's sergeant Murtaugh?
- What?
- No, her.
Can you tell me where I can find
the good-looking sergeant Murtaugh?
- Aah!
- Hi, skinny!
Delores. You remember me?
- I remember you.
Listen. Can you tell me where I can find
the lovely sergeant Murtaugh?
As a matter of fact, Delores, he's cowering down
on all fours right behind this counter.
- Listen, where's the sergeant? I wanna see 'im.
- Oh, he's not here at the moment, Delores.
But, uh, hey, you know, he's talked
of nothing but you all week.
- Shut my mouth.
- Hey, the man's on fire.
- What's the matter, baby?
- A little sciatica.
Oh. You tell him
Delores was here.
You tell that man
that he's the jam
in my jelly roll.
I'll see you, baby, okay? Bye-bye.
- Okay. Bye.
Delores says that you're
the jam in her jelly roll. That's a lot...
I heard.
- That's a lot of woman there.
- Ah, shit.
She calls me all the time. And she leaves
me notes. What am I gonna do, Riggs?
Well, you shouldn't have
led her on in the first place.
Led her on?
I didn't do anything, Riggs.
You know, I mean, if Trish finds out
about it... I didn't... I didn't...
Sergeant, we have got to talk.
You've gotta come see me.
- Well, we gotta work. Come on. Let's go.
- Yeah.
- Thanks anyway for your concern, doc.
- Yeah. Thanks, doc. Here.
You're a beauty.
- Coming?
A beauty. Yeah, I'm coming.
Afternoon, captain.
That's good, Murphy.
See how easy that was?
I love it down here,
don't you, Murph?
This place is better than the swap meet.
Best bargains in town.
Give me the lock-up keys.
These guys from the garage,
they're all ex-cons.
And all busted by
the same police officer,
lieutenant Jack Edward Travis.
Early paroles
on the work furlough program.
Uh-huh. Employed by a company called
Mesa Verde Construction.
Just a minute, please.
You can't go in there.
- What?
- You don't have a pass.
- May I see your pass?
- You wanna see my pass?
- Yes, I do.
Here's my fucking pass.
I got shot in the line of duty, okay?
- O-o-okay, sergeant Wells. He's with us.
- He's with us?
- Did I say that?
- Where'd you get her from? God!
- Leo, what are you doing out of the hospital?
Don't mention the hospital, okay?
I told you not to leave me there.
They tried to take my appendix out.
And they gave me a lapotomy.
- Lapo... Brain surgery? Come on.
- No, a lapotomy.
Not a lobotomy. Why don't you
cut your hair, Riggs, so you can hear, okay?
What's the difference?
You don't know the difference?
The difference is, when you get a lapotomy,
they-they shave
your ne... your nether regions.
- Nether what?
-Your nether... I can't say it in front of her.
Well, point to it.
- Okay. Here. Okay?
- Must be pretty itchy.
Yes, it is itchy.
These doctors are savages.
I mean, where does it say that a gunshot
wound requires a rectal exam? Huh? Huh?
Yeah. With a... with a telescope
big enough to see Venus.
I guess all they saw
was Uranus, huh?
Oh, that's great. Huh-huh.
That's great. Thank you.
Well, you know what I say?
- What?
They fuck you in the hospital!
First they drug you, then they fuck you.
And when they're done
fuckin' you,
along comes the insurance company,
and fucks you some more.
Ten dollars for a fuckin' aspirin,
that's not even covered.
- Leo!
- That's enough.
- We're trying to work here.
- Okay, okay, okay.
So, what's new on our case?
Anything new? You got Travis yet?
What did you guys do,
take an ad out in the paper?
- Uh, he's family. We gotta go somewhere else.
- Who's she?
- Sergeant Cole.
- Hey, how are you? Leo Getz.
Anything you need, Leo Getz. Get it?
- I get it.
- Real estate right now, but....
Hey, hey, listen. Come on, you guys,
give me a break, will you?
I owe this guy one. I owe this guy one.
Give me something to do.
Let me try...
- You can get us a cup of coffee.
Well, that's great. Thanks a lot, Riggs. I take one
for you, and that's what you tell me? Huh?
- He could check this out.
- That's all I'm good for?
Takes slugs to put me out of shit...
Leo, Leo, Leo. Look. Look.
We got something for you to do.
Check out Mesa Verde Construction.
Find out all the information you can. Okay?
- Okay. Okay. Sure, I can do this.
- You remember that name?
Right around...
Mesa Verde, I got it.
Wait, wait, wait. What are you doing
giving him Mesa Verde Construction?
If there's any shit there,
he'll dig it up, I promise.
- Who the hell is that guy?
- It's a long story.
Here are your keys, captain.
- You motherfucker.
- Don't be stupid, Murphy.
- The fuck?
- Take the elevator down, bring the other guys.
Keys. Give me your fucking hands.
Goddamn you, Travis. Fuck.
Stand there.
I can get faster results
than that real-estate broker.
Oh. Leo's not
just a real-estate broker.
Yeah, he's a royal pain in the ass
with a lot of connections.
That's what we came for.
Load everything on the elevator, guys.
- How'd you know where to find them?
- We got it all, Jack.
World of computers, Murph.
World of computers.
You used to be one of us,
for chrissakes, Jack.
You know what future
a cop has, Murph? None.
Punch a clock for 30 years.
Retirement.
Pension.
Nothing to do.
Drunk at noon, bullet in the brain
by evening. Well, not for this kid.
Police department's got it all:
guns, ammo, drugs, cash.
It's a one-stop shopping center.
If you got the balls, the brains, there's
not a thing anybody can do about it.
You're already fucking history,
Jack, and you know it.
Sorry, Murph.
But I'm just getting started.
- Yeah, something's wrong here.
- What?
The program's been accessed
by somebody from the outside.
What? What's been accessed?
After the guns were stolen, Internal Affairs
moved all the confiscated ammunition.
- Armor-piercing bullets?
- Yeah, thousands of rounds,
to a more secured location. Shit.
-That's the information that's been accessed.
- Somebody else knows about it.
Yeah, where's it stored?
Where did they move it?
- Wait, wait.
- Let's go.
I guess I'm not cut out for Internal Affairs.
- Where is it?
- Right here in the building.
- Where?
- I'm showing you.
- Something going down?
- No, no, there's nothing going down.
- I knew it. I'm going with you.
- No, uh, how old are you?
- Twenty-two today.
Twenty-two? Come on.
You got protection?
- Right here in my wallet.
- Your wallet? No, get your vest, you dummy.
- All right, yeah.
- Should we take him, Rog?
Okay, but keep your head down.
If anything rash happens, keep your head down.
- Stay behind me.
- Come on, let's go.
- Yoo-hoo!
- Shh! Quiet.
See, you were my ticket in, Murph.
It's too bad
you won't be coming with me.
Travis.
- They got it all.
- Shit.
- He's dead.
- How'd they get it out of here?
- I don't know.
- They didn't take it upstairs.
Hey, hey. Elevator.
Shit. It's down, it's down.
- Hey, the subway's down there.
Subways?
- We take the stairs.
- L.A. has subways?
Yeah, where you been, kid?
Read something
besides the funny pages, kid.
All right, guys.
Come on, let's hustle.
Hurry up, guys.
L.A.P.D., guys. Come here.
Come here. Step on it.
Son of a bitch.
Did you see anybody who shouldn't be
down here, anything strange?
Lots of cops and
a bunch of boxes.
Cops and boxes. Split. Split now.
Split. Just get out of here.
Hey, I'm going acros, right?.
- I got it.
Get rid of Murphy, now!
Where the fuck do you think
you're going? Let's go.
Split. Get out of here.
Cover me.
Riggs!
Let's go. Let's go!
Riggs.
Yeah, son, stay still.
Happy birthday, kid.
Oh, shit!
Another baby.
Hey! Is he dead?
Check the body.
Get me the fuck
out of here, will you?
Hey, Riggs! Hey, Riggs!
Riggs! Stupid son of a bitch.
Stop that shit. Cut it out.
- Hey, hey, hey! Don't shoot.
- L.A.P.D., man.
Where does this tunnel
come out?
- Pico Station.
- Thanks, pal.
Hey, not that way.
Take the stairs, man, it's faster.
- Okay, thanks.
Ow!
Sorry, pal. Where's the tunnel?
Gangway!
Get out of the way.
Get ouy of the way.
Holy shit. Son of a bitch.
Police!
Step on it!
There he is! Step on it!
Goddamn.
Put your foot down!
I can't!
- Hey, police!
-What?
- I need your bike, man.
- Ah, this is bullshit.
I need your bike. Sergeant Riggs,
call it in. I need a couple clips too.
Okay, we lost him.
- Central, where's Riggs?
- Six-William-Six.
Central, keep me in touch
with motorcycle pursuit.
- Shit.
- Take a fucking right, now.
Take a right! Go!
Go! Go! Go!
Stupid. Take a right.
No, left! Left!
Shit!
Oh, shit!
Watch it!
This is 6-William-6,
this is 6-William-6.
I'm at the freeway construction site.
Where's Riggs? I'm here. Where's Riggs?
Come back to me, Central.
Six-William-Six, location west...
Where's Riggs?
Where the hell is Riggs?
Take a left here. Get off.
Get off the freeway.
Oh, Jesus!
Stop! Stop! Hold it!
Oh, shit!
Hang on.
Stop!
Where is the pursuit?
Oh, shit.
- Riggs! Hey, just relax. Relax, Riggs.
- Relax?
Riggs! Riggs!
Oh, shit!!!
Riggs. Hey, Riggs.
Get-get back.
Just get back. Get back!
Riggs, talk to me. Hey, Riggs.
Riggs, you're alive. Come here.
Don't move. Don't move.
I said just get back!
You all right?
Hey, hey, hey, Riggs, don't...
Hey, hey, Riggs!
Don't touch me!
Okay, okay, okay. I'm not touching you.
I'm not touching you.
- Just be... just be careful.
- Don't touch me. Don't!
- Don't touch me, don't touch me.
- Okay, I won't touch you.
I'm not touching you.
- Okay. You-you okay now?
- I'm pissed now, Rog. Now I'm pissed.
- Now what?
- That son of a bitch.
He's done it twice now. Damn.
Son of a... I'm gonna suck
his eyes out through his nose.
Twice he got away.
Nobody gets away from me!
Okay. Just relax. Just relax.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay. I'm okay.
You okay?
- I'm okay. I'm okay. Okay.
Hey!
- Hey, I'm having that.
- But I thought you quit!
I ran out of biscuits, all right?
Give me a break.
Oh, shit.
Perfect.
- What I miss? What I miss?
- What's he doing here?
- Hey, what are you doing here?
- Great car chase.
Great chase.
- What are you doing here?
- How'd you find us, huh?
- My police scanner.
What are you doing
with a police scanner?
What am I... ? Hello, Car 54, where are you?
Hey, I cracked this case for you guys.
All right? Listen.
Mesa Verde's legit.
They got a housing project
down the desert called Rancho Arroyo.
- Yeah, I know where that is.
- Hey, why don't we check it out?
- Good idea, Roger.
- Yeah.
Okay, hey, wait, wait. I'll leave my car here
and I'll come with you...
- No, you're not coming with us.
- Yes, I am. I'll take my car.
- No, you're not.
- Yes, I am.
I can't believe you did that.
I got a spare in the trunk.
- You're driving.
- No, I'm driving.
How could you do that?
I can't believe you did that.
- Hey, where's Lorna?
- I can't believe you did that.
- With Walters.
I can't belie....
I can't believe you did that.
How can you...
how can you do that to me?
Did you see that?
They're my partners.
I can't believe they did that.
- Twenty-one and 18, clear.
Excuse me, you own your home?
- Looks like we came to the right place.
- Yeah.
Move on out to Travis Town.
Great place to raise a family.
Built on guns and bloodshed.
here's one hell of a retirement plan
this asshole's got, isn't it?
Let's foreclose
on this son of a bitch.
- Say, is that, uh... ?
- It's Darryl's gun.
I've been saving it for the right occasion.
- This is the right occasion.
How many men
you think he has?
Who knows? Maybe I should run over there
and ask him, what do you say?
- That'd be too easy.
- Yeah.
Wish I had some grenades
or a nice rocket launcher.
Maybe a ground-to-air missile.
Hey, I wonder what
Murphy's got in his trunk.
Well, it's obvious Murph was never a boy scout.
- Shit.
- Not even a good spare.
- Yeah.
Shit.
Put your hands down.
It's embarrassing.
How you doing?
- Kissing, huh?
- Fresh ones, huh?
- Oh, yeah, yeah. Shaving cuts.
We don't get
any points for those.
- How did you get here?
- Drove.
- No, no, no, no, no. How did you... ?
- I ran into Leo at the police station.
He talked to me first.
- Leo, Leo.
Any ideas?
- Lucky thing we got a plan.
- Yeah.
-Yeah, lucky thing. What is it?
- Oh, no. I want it to be a surprise.
- Oh, I like surprises.
Move it!
- Come on, let's check it out.
- Let's go.
- Son of a bitch. Look what they did to Murph's car.
- Could've been worse.
Could've been yours.
- Could've been worse, could've been Trish's car.
- On three.
- Three.
- Three?
- Yeah, three.
Okay.
One...
-...two....
- Three.
Police! Freeze!
- Hey!
Oh, shit!
- Go! Go! Let's go!
- Yeah, yeah.
What's wrong with you?
I said go on three, not two.
Nobody goes on two.
- On three! Three!
- Three. It's always three.
- Boys! Boys!
What are we doing here?
Losing our heads in a crisis?
Hey, cover me. Cover me.
Exxon.
- Hey, Rog!
- Murtaugh!
- What?
- Count to 20.
- Count to 20, then light me!
Shit!
Riggs, it's loaded with ammo.
- Cover me.
- Cover you?
Cover you, cover Riggs.
Cover everybody.
When's somebody gonna
cover me for a change?
What's that, 13, 14?
Ah, to hell with it.
Jack, it's the cops.
They're burning everything.
God!
Son of a bitch. Shit.
Crazy motherfucker!
Damn. Hey, Riggs, the ammo.
Get out of there.
Riggs, you crazy son of a bitch.
- Yeah! Ha, ha!
Son of a bitch.
It works. Shit.
Stay there. That shit works, Riggs.
Riggs!
Son of a bitch.
No clip.
Lorna, no, don't!
Come on in, bitch.
Door's open.
I'm gonna eat
your fucking heart!
Son of a bitch.
Travis!
Shit.
Armor-piercing bullets, yeah.
Cop killers.
You're coming with me.
Fuck you, asshole!
Hey, Riggs.
Riggs! Hey, Riggs. Riggs!
Riggs! Get up! Get up, Riggs!
Get up! Get up!
Killed in the line of duty,
Riggs!
You'll get a great funeral
from the department, Riggs!
Hey, Riggs. Cop killers.
Ex-cop killers.
Go to hell, Riggs.
You first.
Hey, Riggs!
Crazy son of a bitch!
I'm sorry, honey, I gotta do it.
I gotta look.
Oh. Oh.
Just hold still. Hold still.
Hey, get a chopper, man.
Get a chopper.
She had two vests on.
She's gonna be okay.
A couple of bad ones, though.
We need to get a chopper.
Okay, okay. You're all right, partner.
You're all right. All right. Hang on. Okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
Just lie still. Just lie still.
Just a romantic evening
by the fire, just the two of us.
Just be still.
- Lock and load!
- I got it.
Oh, honey, open your eyes.
Open your eyes.
What are you trying to prove
out there, huh?
Huh? Why do you do that?
Can I take this off?
- Yeah.
You're supposed to grow old
with someone...
not because of them,
all right?
I'm gonna be
with you, Lorna.
Hey, I'm with you now.
Look, I'm right here.
We're both here, right?
Right.
Come on,
I wanna be with you.
What do you got to lose?
You.
Not likely.
Hey, Lorna.
- Yeah?
Let's live
to regret this, huh?
Okay, we've gotta go, sarge.
- Okay.
She's gonna be fine.
Can you hear me?
I love you.
Happy retirement, daddy
This is it. This is the day.
Everybody? Daddy?
I want you to know there's a candle
on the cake for every year in the force.
- Yes. A lot of years. A lot of years
- That's a lot.
Come on, you have to blow it out.
- Come on.
- Blow them out.
- Blow them out. Come on.
- I can't.
- Come on, we'll help.
- No, that's not what I mean.
- What?
I can't retire.
I thought I could.
I wanted to.
But I can't.
So that means you're gonna
stay with the force?
That means I'm staying
with the force, baby.
This cake's about to explode,
so, uh, you better blow out these candles.
But, um, dad, l want you to know
that I'm behind you all the way.
- Yeah, me too.
- So am I, dad.
- It's okay.
- Well, the streets will be safer
for another couple years.
- Word, Nick.
- Word, dad.
Blow them out.
Hello?
- Hello. Up here!
- Hello?
-Hello. Hey, I gotta talk to Roger.
- Leo.
Oprah should see this.
I can't believe this.
Okay, okay, this is great.
Leo, what is it?
Hey, where's Riggs? I didn't know
he could hold his breath that long.
Okay, okay, okay.
- I'm taking a bath, Leo.
I can see that. And it's cold water too.
There goes your image.
- Leo.
- Listen, I got great news, okay?
Okay? Once again,
Leo Getz has delivered.
Okay, I have sold this turkey.
This termite-infested dump
is now gone. Okay?
All you have to do is sign the contract
before the suckers change their mind. Okay?
Okay? I did it. I did it.
- Hey, hey, hey. Leo, Leo.
-What?
The house is off the market.
We're gonna stay in this termite-infested
turkey for another 10 years.
- At least.
- And I'll get married in here.
- Come on, you guys. Come on, out.
- You can't do this.
- Out, out, out.
- No, you can't do that.
- You too, Leo.
- You can't do that.
I have contracts signed.
Because we're partners,
no commission. Okay?
Partners?
Part... You and Riggs, you owe me
two tires. Two new tires I want.
- Why?
Because bullets aren't covered
in normal road hazard. That's why.
And I want those tires! No conditions!
- Oh, God. Leo, get out of here.
- Don't tell me to get out!
- Get out. Leo, out, out!
You're lucky your wife's here.
You're lucky...
- Out!
- Okay.
Don't come crying to me if the termites...
- Get out!
- Termites get... Okay, okay.
- No more!
Your friends.
- Yeah.
Ten more years
till forced retirement, huh, baby?
That's, uh, 3650 days.
- Forty-nine.
- Oh, yeah.
I'll try and improve my image.
- Mm.
- See you soon. Thanks a lot.
- Don't mention it.
Oh, bye, daddy.
Bye, baby.
What are you smiling at?
Why weren't you at my party, huh?
- I knew you weren't gonna retire.
I've been wrong about a couple o' things
in my life, but I knew you weren't gonna retire.
Well, I knew
you couldn't stop smoking.
Hey, I'm only smoking to take my mind off
my dog-biscuit problem, okay?
- Hey, what dog-biscuit problem?
- Well, I've been chasing more cars lately
and, uh, you know, when I try and
lick my balls, I keep falling off the couch.
Jesus Christ. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm driving. Other side.
I got no dispute. I just came over here
to open the door for you.
What, what, what... Thank you
for opening the door for me.
- You need some help? An old fella like you...
- No, no, no, I'll show you a fella my age.
- Who's a grumpy bastard?
- I'm a grumpy bastard.
- Hey, you know something, Riggs?
- What?
When I do retire,
I hope your next partner is just like you.
That's not gonna happen, Rog, cause there's winners
and there's losers, and God wouldn't do that to me.
Well, He did it to me.
I know.
- Hey...
- See what I mean?
My point, exactly.
- Son of a bitch. Shit.
Stay away from my daughter.
Oh, you can't be serious.
What are you talking about?
I saw what it was.
You kissed Rianne.
She kissed me.
Can I help it if she finds me irresistible?
- That's not the point.
- It's a platonic peck on the cheek between friends.
Okay. If it's just friendship,
try shaking hands next time.
What's your problem?
You're not getting enough fiber in your diet?
- I'm getting enough fiber in my diet.
- I'm spoken for, okay? I'm spoken for.
I'm gonna pick Lorna up
from the hospital this afternoon.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, we're practically, uh...
- You're serious?
- Well, we got a dog and everything.
I figure I can, uh, you know,
make ends meet.
All units. All units.
Code 2, high.
Hey, hey, don't even think
about it, Riggs. Hey, hey, don't even try.
This is us, rolling to Code 2, high,
at Verrina Place.
Shit, Riggs. Hey, hey, this time
we wait for the bomb squad.
You think I wanna end up
in uniform again?
20-William-12, the REA
bomb squad's en route. All units.
Those guys gonna
get in the way again?
Okay, there it is.
You happy? Let's go.
Ah, we ain't seen nothing yet,
though, Rog.
Come on, just get me up there closer.
- It's roped off. The boys have rules.
- Can't see the bomb squad anywhere around.
- They're-they're coming. They're coming.
Okay, all right. All right.
Stop here and I'll just get out.
No, no, don't get out
of the car, Riggs. No. Riggs!
Tell me, Rog,
was it red wire, blue... ?
Let's get out of here!
Step on the gas.
They're never gonna believe this.
- I hope nobody saw us.
- They'll blame me.
All right?
Let's keep cool.
Oh, I think you better get your girdle
out of mothballs, Roger.
Ah, yeah, they're gonna say
"Back in uniform again".
- Try one that fits.
- Ten more years of this. Ten more years.
- Oh. I'm too old for this shit.
- I'm too old for this shit.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org